Create solana-sdk-wasm-js crate (#138)
anza-xyz/solana-sdk: sdk-wasm/README.md

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://solana.com">
    <img alt="Solana" src="https://i.imgur.com/IKyzQ6T.png" width="250" />
  </a>
</p>

> # Solana SDK

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
# Solana SDK WASM JS
```

> Use the Solana SDK Crate to be consumed by Javascript libraries. Sse the [Solana Program Crate](https://crates.io/crates/solana-program) instead for
> on-chain programs, and, the [Solana SDK Crate](https://crates.io/crates/solana-sdk) for client-side applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Solana SDK WASM JS crate to build a JS package with `wasm-pack` usable in Node or browser environments. Sse the [Solana Program Crate](https://crates.io/crates/solana-program) instead for
on-chain programs, and, the [Solana SDK Crate](https://crates.io/crates/solana-sdk) for client-side applications.
```

More information about Solana is available in the [Solana documentation](https://solana.com/docs).

> The [Solana Program Library](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-library) provides examples of how to use this crate.

Reviewer: nit: May as well call out its new home!
```suggestion
The [Solana Program Organization](https://github.com/solana-program) provides examples of how to use this crate.
```
